Adding metadata forms default value and short doc about it (#1837)
data-dot-all/dataall: pages/deploy/deploy_aws.md

> functionality. If you want to know more about each module, 
> check the [UserGuide](https://github.com/data-dot-all/dataall/blob/main/UserGuide.pdf) available as PDF in the repository.

Reviewer: can apply this fix as well?

```suggestion
functionality. If you want to know more about each module, check the [UserGuide](https://data-dot-all.github.io/dataall/userguide/).
```
